# PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversion

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**applicable_bin_range** | **object** | Range of Bin for which the conversion is possible. | [optional] 
**currency_conversion_identification** | **object** | Specifies a character string with a maximum length of 35 characters.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**commission_details** | **object** | Commission or additional charges made as part of a currency conversion. | [optional] 
**declaration_details** | **object** | Card scheme declaration (disclaimer) to present to the cardholder. | [optional] 
**mark_up_details** | **object** | Markup made as part of a currency conversion. | [optional] 
**inverted_exchange_rate** | **object** | Rate expressed as a percentage, that is, in hundredths, for example, 0.7 is 7/10 of a percent, and 7.0 is 7%.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**original_amount** | [**PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversionOriginalAmount**](PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversionOriginalAmount.md) |  | [optional] 
**quotation_date** | **object** | A particular point in the progression of time defined by a mandatory date and a mandatory time component, expressed in either UTC time format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ), local time with UTC offset format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sss+/-hh:mm), or local time format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sss). These representations are defined in \&quot;XML Schema Part 2: Datatypes Second Edition - W3C Recommendation 28 October 2004\&quot; which is aligned with ISO 8601. Note on the time format: 1) beginning / end of calendar day 00:00:00 &#x3D; the beginning of a calendar day 24:00:00 &#x3D; the end of a calendar day 2) fractions of second in time format Decimal fractions of seconds may be included. In this case, the involved parties shall agree on the maximum number of digits that are allowed.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**resulting_amount** | **object** | Number of monetary units specified in a currency where the unit of currency is implied by the context and compliant with ISO 4217. The decimal separator is a dot. Note: a zero amount is considered a positive amount.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**source_currency** | [**PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversionSourceCurrency**](PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversionSourceCurrency.md) |  | 
**target_currency** | [**PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversionTargetCurrency**](PoipoiIdfinancialServiceServiceRequestLoyaltyRequestTransactionOriginalPOITransactionTransactionDetailsCurrencyConversionResultConversionTargetCurrency.md) |  | 
**valid_from** | **object** | A particular point in the progression of time defined by a mandatory date and a mandatory time component, expressed in either UTC time format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ), local time with UTC offset format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sss+/-hh:mm), or local time format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sss). These representations are defined in \&quot;XML Schema Part 2: Datatypes Second Edition - W3C Recommendation 28 October 2004\&quot; which is aligned with ISO 8601. Note on the time format: 1) beginning / end of calendar day 00:00:00 &#x3D; the beginning of a calendar day 24:00:00 &#x3D; the end of a calendar day 2) fractions of second in time format Decimal fractions of seconds may be included. In this case, the involved parties shall agree on the maximum number of digits that are allowed.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**valid_until** | **object** | A particular point in the progression of time defined by a mandatory date and a mandatory time component, expressed in either UTC time format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sssZ), local time with UTC offset format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sss+/-hh:mm), or local time format (YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.sss). These representations are defined in \&quot;XML Schema Part 2: Datatypes Second Edition - W3C Recommendation 28 October 2004\&quot; which is aligned with ISO 8601. Note on the time format: 1) beginning / end of calendar day 00:00:00 &#x3D; the beginning of a calendar day 24:00:00 &#x3D; the end of a calendar day 2) fractions of second in time format Decimal fractions of seconds may be included. In this case, the involved parties shall agree on the maximum number of digits that are allowed.&lt;br/&gt; | [optional] 
**exchange_rate** | **object** | Rate expressed as a percentage, that is, in hundredths, for example, 0.7 is 7/10 of a percent, and 7.0 is 7%.&lt;br/&gt; | 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

